Academic Calendar 1
ACADEMIC CALENDAR
The Cornell academic year follows a semester system, consisting of 
a fall and a spring semester, both of which include a ﬁnal exam week. 
Each semester must be a minimum of 14 weeks of instruction, yet must 
combine in fall and spring to a minimum of 30 weeks of instruction. 
Instructional periods/terms include fall, winter intersession, spring, and 
summer. In all academic terms, variable-length, short-session courses 
are available, and meet the same total contact (class) hours as in a 
standard semester. See the policy on Deﬁning and Assigning Credit Hours
(https://catalog.cornell.edu/policies-disclosures/credit-hours-policy/) for 
additional information.
The university bylaws deﬁne the academic year as the approximately 
nine-month period beginning two working days before registration in the 
fall term and ending on the last day of ﬁnal examinations in the spring 
term.
The summer period is deﬁned as the period between the last day of one 
academic year and the ﬁrst day of the following academic year. Summer 
courses carry full credit because classes meet the same number of 
contact hours as in the standard fall or spring semester.
For the current Academic Calendar and other important dates, see
University Calendars & Exams (https://registrar.cornell.edu/calendars-
exams/university-calendars-exams) on the University Registrar's website.
2026-2027 Academic Calendar
Fall 2026
Date Event
August 24 Instruction Begins
September 7 Labor Day - No Classes
October 10 Fall Break Begins
October 14 Instruction Resumes
November 25 Thanksgiving Break Begins
November 30 Instruction Resumes
December 7 Last Day of Instruction
December 8-10 Study Period
December 11-19 Scheduled Exams
December 20 December Recognition Ceremony
December 31 Fall Degree Date
Winter 2026-2027
Date Event
January 4 Winter Session Instruction Begins
January 18 Martin Luther King, Jr. Day / Holiday / No Classes
January 23 Winter Session Instruction Ends
Spring 2027
Date Event
January 25 Instruction Begins
February 13 February Break Begins
February 17 Instruction Resumes
March 27 Spring Break Begins
April 5 Instruction Resumes
May 11 Last Day of InstructionMay 12-14 Study Period
May 15-22 Scheduled Exams
May 28-30 University Commencement Weekend
May 30 Spring Degree Date
Some programs, including Johnson MBA Programs, Law School, and 
College of Veterinary Medicine follow non-standard academic calendars. 
Review the respective program pages for speciﬁcs, those that follow non-
standard calendars are posted on program pages. Weill Cornell Medicine 
- New York City and Weill Cornell Medicine - Qatar campuses also have 
different academic calendars, which can be found on their respective 
websites. Calendar dates are subject to change.